ULTRA Initial Documentation (#449)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: ultra/README.md

# ULTRA

## Unprotected Left Turn using Reinforcement-learning Agents

Ultra provides a gym-based environment using SMARTS for tackling intersection navigation and more specifically unprotected left turn.

Here is the summary of key features:

>  - Creating customized scenarios with different levels of difficulty.
>  - Defining and analyzing traffic designs including low-mid-high densities.
>  - Defining and analyzing social-vehicle behaviors.
>  - Configurable train and test parameters.
>  - Train and test custom RL algorithms against benchmark results.

Reviewer: Trying to rewrite for features rather than actions
```suggestion
 - Customizable scenarios with different levels of difficulty.
 - Analysis tools to evaluate traffic designs including low-mid-high densities.
 - Tools to support analyzing social-vehicle behaviors.
 - Configurable train and test parameters.
 - Benchmark results to train and test custom RL algorithms against.
```

Author: Oh perfect, thanks!

# ULTRA

## Unprotected Left Turn using Reinforcement-learning Agents

Ultra provides a gym-based environment using SMARTS for tackling intersection navigation and more specifically unprotected left turn.

Here is the summary of key features:
 - Customizable scenarios with different levels of difficulty.
 - Analysis tools to evaluate traffic designs including low-mid-high densities.
 - Tools to support analyzing social-vehicle behaviors.
 - Configurable train and test parameters.
 - Benchmark results to train and test custom RL algorithms against.

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/_static/ultra_envision.gif" alt="ULTRA demo GIF">
</p>

## Index

> Get started by choosing an option below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get started by choosing an option below.
- [Flow chart for ULTRA's interface with SMARTS](docs/_static/ULTRA-flowchart-v1.jpg)
```
